this video is brought to you by Atlas
VPN I've been noticing something over
the last few months
years that's been bothering me but I
haven't spoken that much about it I
wonder if you my dear viewers have
noticed the same thing that being the
complete and utter neglect for the
privacy of queer people first let's talk
about celebrities while many people feel
like celebrities give up their right to
privacy when they become an actor or
singer or public figure in general
that's not actually how the world works
you don't give up your right to privacy
when you become a teacher or a lawyer of
course the most prominent recent example
of this is kit Connor who was forced out
of the closet this past year when an
internet mob essentially accused him of
queerbaiting real people can't queer
bait by the way by playing a queer
character in multiple pieces of media
while not actively being out as queer
himself it got even worse for him when
horror of Horrors he was spotted holding
a girl's hand so to Tamp down on the
rising tide of the internet boundary
pushing he came out as bisexual some
have since accused him of being a fake
bisexual and refused to believe him
until he has a boyfriend
to them I say
stop but he's far from the only
celebrity to be pushed Out of the Closet
in 1996 Nathan Lane appeared on Oprah to
promote the birdcage prior to the taping
he specifically said he didn't want to
talk about his sexuality but when they
went live Oprah began pushing for
answers anyway Lance Bass was forced to
make a public statement about his
sexuality in 2006 after Perez Hilton
nicknamed him princess Frosty locks and
wouldn't stop posting blog entries about
how obviously gay he was Perez Hilton
also instigated a similar campaign
against Neil Patrick Harris the same
year and it's only gotten worse since
social media became a factor rumors
swirled around online about actresses
such as Rebel Wilson and Kristen Stewart
eventually leading to them coming out
under threats from tabloid sites it's
not like the old days when gay rumors
would start up in a Hollywood studio or
a record label would have a star paired
up with a similarly famous celebrity to
hide their sexuality though many fans
still think this does happen with people
like Taylor Swift and Harry Styles
Studios and labels have much less
control over stars now though they do
continue to influence many people to
stay in the closet I personally know of
at least three Hollywood actors who have
been in major box office successes who
are out to their friends and family but
not to the public which some say is as
bad as them lying to their fans
but why do fans have a right to know
who's dating who I blame Ben Affleck and
Jennifer Lopez for this they helped
reignite the celebrity couple industry
back in the 90s and it hasn't died down
since the parasocial environment of
Twitter and Instagram has allowed the
walls to fall down between fans and
celebrities where once fans only read
what stars publicists wanted them to
read now they can keep up with their
faves on an almost minute-by-minute
basis so of course they want to know
everything about them because they feel
more like long-distance friends now than
Hollywood stars which is bad enough when
it comes to straight people but it's
doubly bad for queer people because our
privacy can in far too many cases be the
only barrier keeping us safe from
violent bigots the walls we put up can
be very important and create a safe Zone
in a world where our safety is
apparently Up For Debate I've been
thinking about all of this for quite
some time but it all started to
crystallize in my mind when I read the
book the cabin at the End of the World
by Paul G Tremblay since a film
adaptation of it entitled knock at the
cabin was being readied for release and
in the pages of this book
I saw how queer privacy can be so easily
neglected but before we get into that I
want to talk to you about how you can
protect your own privacy with this
video's sponsor atlasvpn who are
currently running a major discount on a
three-year subscription amounting to
only 1.99 a month with a 30-day
money-back guarantee online privacy is
becoming more and more important as our
lives shift Evermore to exclusively
online spaces as someone who was doxed
only within the last few months I know
how important it is for your location to
be as opaque as possible online Atlas
has also been incredibly helpful for
this channel as well since some of the
content we cover isn't legally available
in Canada without an absurdly priced
cable package I've been able to use
their geolocation feature to convince
certain streaming services that I'm
actually in the US giving me access to a
lot of the queer content I wouldn't have
access to in Canada and I get to
actually support those queer shows
instead of pirating them which is pretty
nice Atlas VPN also keeps your Google
search history safe which I know some of
you would very much appreciate and
protects you from malware and can even
get you better deals on merchandise by
tricking websites into thinking that
you're a local buyer instead of an
international one this has helped me a
lot with my ever increasing anime merch
collection as I descend further and
further into weebdum and it's just the
best deal on a VPN out there like I said
at only 1.99 a month for a three year
subscription their pricing can't be beat
this price is for a limited time though
so click on the link below to learn more
and start protecting your privacy today
foreign
[Music]
because this is less about knock at the
cabin and more about knock at the cabin
there will be spoilers skip ahead to
part two policy reminder if you want to
see the movie and going fresh if you
don't want to see the movie we're not
going to hinge everything on knowing
what happens in the plot so you're not
going to be kept out of the loop I'm
basing these ideas entirely on the book
though titled cabin at the end of the
world because you know the movie wasn't
out when I wrote this judging from the
trailers it seems like the movie is
following the plot pretty closely though
however given how the book ends
I could foresee a studio maybe wanting
to change that ending some things you
can get away with in books that
audiences simply will not tolerate if
they see it on screen anyway knock at
the cabin's General premise is that a
pair of gay fathers take their adopted
daughter to a secluded cabin getaway a
group of hooligans show up and barges in
and takes the family hostage with the
intent of causing violence before you
say been there done that the twist is
that the group is a doomsday cult that's
trying to prevent the end of the world
according to them unless the gay family
picks one family member and chooses to
kill them the world will come to an end
the group demonstrates that they are not
full of [ __ ] it's a long story but the
audience can be confident that these
cultists really can prophesy the end of
the world and they're not just whack job
religious nuts looking for a gay bashing
which is kind of scarier
the daughter gets killed which is why I
said they may want to change the ending
of this movie because that's a little
dark work for the big screen but M Night
Shyamalan has gone to pretty dark places
before even with kids so
Maybe
[Music]
but because it's the cultists who
accidentally kill the girl and not the
other two members of the gay family the
apocalypse prevention plan is void and
the reader and presumably the movie
going audience is led to believe though
remains unsure that the apocalypse is
still DTF if anything they may swap out
the daughter for one of the husbands to
make it a little bit more palatable in
the movie but the ambiguous Supernatural
world ending has some serious Shyamalan
Vibe so I can assume that this is where
the movie is headed the point remains
however the continuation of the world
hinges on the destruction of a queer
family which
I didn't really even think of that when
I first read the book someone pointed it
out to me on a stream and then
you can't really unthink what has been
thought but here we go because that idea
opens the story up to a myriad of
different readings when something isn't
just about showing representation for
representation's sake that means it's
about something which means
there's a lot to unpack here the book
was written by Paul G Tremblay though
you wouldn't know that from the movie's
marketing leading me to believe that the
daughter might actually get killed and M
night doesn't want anyone reading the
book and spoiling the ending there isn't
as much biographical information about
Tremblay as say other horror authors
like Stephen King but in the context of
queerness everything I could find about
him indicates that he is straight and
while I continue to hold my position
that you should not need to be of a
certain identity to create characters of
that identity there are some life
experiences that are a little bit
sensitive to that particular community
in the queer Community for instance
violence against us is one of them
violenced against our families is
something that our art has only really
begun to explore for instance 2017's
American Horror Story cult explored this
and that was the first time it popped up
on my radar however when it comes to
knock at the cabin the book and
presumably the movie one of the strange
selling points is that the queerness of
the dads is more or less irrelevant to
the plot in the book one of the fathers
has a flashback to a queer bashing but
aside from that it's entirely not a
topic of discussion really in fact the
cultists go out of their way to say that
they're super duper not homophobic but
given that this is a Creator who is
explicitly making a decision to write
outside his lived experiences
why did he write it like this because
the story would have been exactly the
same
if it was swapped out for a straight
couple one of whom had been attacked in
the past what statements May Tremblay be
making what readings could we take from
this story there are of course positive
messages an argument for queer sympathy
would implore the reader to acknowledge
the threat the queer people and their
budding families are put under in this
new age of
tepid queer acceptance it may be that
the real tragedy is that this queer
family went through all the trouble in
rigmaro of eking out adoption only for
the child to be ripped away anyway
especially with the condition of the
American Supreme Court it's altogether
not out of the question that children
could be taken away from their queer
mothers and fathers just look at what's
happening to trans children and their
supportive biological parents in the
southern states right now however if
that's the intended reading it's kind of
weak because while adoption is a very
long methodical expensive struggle so
are fertility treatments for women the
threat of violence against a child you
worked exceptionally hard to produce is
not a fear that is exclusive to queer
families and quite frankly
neither is it option the most optimistic
dare I say queer positive reading of the
story is that Tremblay is speaking to
the family bond within queer families
being just as strong as they would be
among straight ones the entire story is
built on the premise that both queer
fathers are unwilling and incapable of
sacrificing another of the trio a death
only occurs by accident whereas queer
detractors may assume that one or both
of the fathers would just be willing to
throw the family away to save their own
skin and honestly
come a bit closer
I'm gonna let you in on a little secret
I think that may be the intended reading
okay just between us however even though
that's a possible takeaway the story is
still built around fantasizing trauma
tragedy and violence upon a queer family
and that still makes me a little bit
uncomfortable just taking a look at the
Optics of the story because in spite of
these readings there remains some very
very homophobic ones first off the
continuation of the world is predicated
on a queer family's destruction this
could be interpreted as queer families
being a threat to societal cohesion or
such vagaries that are pushed by
right-wing pundits another reading would
claim that queer rights as a whole need
to be put away to focus on more
apocalyptic features of our current
world things like climate change
economic collapse plagues and this
never-ending string of conflicts that
we've been embroiled in since 9 11. the
latter of which I'm partially convinced
future historians are actually going to
refer to as World War III this could
hold a certain make America great again
kind of nostalgia that sort of remaps
History to insert that Society he really
started to take a nosedive when the gays
began insisting that they needed to
start families and that if we're gonna
stop the world from burning down it's a
small price to pay to put the boot down
on some home-making Queens the
interesting Nuance behind this story
though is that the cultists cannot be
the ones to murder one of the family
members it must be the Family itself
that breaks up from within translated
into a real world suggestion that the
onus is on queer families to break up on
their own volition in order to maintain
social order because if the government
or bigots do these actions against queer
families then the social outcry will
dissolve social cohesion regardless
instead if queerness quietly goes back
into the closet
all will be right with the world an even
more negative reading of the story could
contain a nasty message of queer people
saying provided how much violence has
been used against you and your community
historically is it not irresponsible for
you to start families and invite
children into that kind of threat of
violence
which
would be wrong because we don't blame
victims for their circumstances even if
the objective is to be normal the
condition of queer rights is predicated
on the ability to choose how you want to
fit into the heterohegemony or not
without persecution now granted these
very negative readings of the story are
all far more nuanced than bigots and
right Wingers or quite frankly centrists
are usually capable of demonstrating and
I want to be clear I am not saying that
Paul G Tremblay or M Night Shyamalan are
queerphobic Paul G Tremblay not a
homophobe until explicitly demonstrated
otherwise and quite frankly he may very
well be bisexual pansexual or asexual
you don't need to only marry dudes to be
a queer man his identity is only really
important for questioning why it was so
important for this story to be focused
on a queer family it would help us
understand what the intended takeaway
could be however within the story there
is a lack of guiding framing devices to
really suggest what the takeaway should
be the presence of homophobic readings
is not necessarily a problem with the
story but a problem with the fact that
these are real issues and real
discussions that are imposed on the
queer Community from the outside the
fact that these readings are possible is
concerning but only because these
reflect the bigotry we actually
experience in day-to-day life in a world
without homophobia this story would not
be remarkable for the sake of gay dads
but rather the weird apocalyptic cult
and vague paranormal overtones make no
mistake violence against us is a threat
to our immediate safety
but these ideological discussions around
our identity are pivotal to the ongoing
progress to facilitate our long-term
security the fight for our rights needs
to be both reactionary and methodical we
need an ideal objective to know how we
should navigate immediate threats in
order to strategically move towards our
long-term goals and even the reactionary
Solutions are not usually efficient they
are necessary until we can progress our
rights to a point where we do not need
those kind of solutions for instance at
least in America where the story takes
place leaning on the Supreme Court for
what rights have been won for us may not
have been the best plan if only
retrospectively now that the Supreme
Court has decided the former rulings no
longer matter if the immediate goal was
marriage getting that goal by any means
necessary may have compromised the
long-term progress to
was there even a plan of what to do
after the marriage fight Was Won
regardless of whether the Creator is
involved in this project are gay or
straight I feel like such a hot button
discussion
ought to have warranted a greater
sensitivity for diminishing the presence
of these readings if homophobic readings
are present then there are ways to make
it more difficult for the audience to
come away with that reading for instance
yes there is a straight reading of Yuri
on ice because the confirmation was
never verbalized however the mental
gymnastics you have to do in order to
justify their straightness is in itself
worthy of a gold medal many of you may
insist that this is just a story and
that nobody's going to take these
homophobic messages away from it but
keep in mind that Ted Cruz took away a
reading of Star Wars that singled out
Luke Skywalker as a randian objectivist
when are we supposed to take messaging
for face value like in Star Wars and how
are we supposed to distinguish that from
media where the intended takeaway is
buried in subtext like my go-to example
of Fight Club where the condemning
takeaway is actually more clear in the
book The Answer usually lies in the
resolution and unfortunately when it
comes to knock at the cabin the ending
is a bit too ambiguous to be definitive
and in spite of the fact that these
cultists are explicitly described as not
gay bashing wackos the setting is
indicative of these aforementioned queer
anxieties especially when a straight
couple would have accomplished the exact
same story without nearly as much
baggage cynically I may add that perhaps
the couple was made to be gay
for no other reason than to distinguish
them from a range of other murderous
stranger shows up at a family's rural
residence stories which again is more
likely than deliberate homophobia the
fact of the matter is that this kind of
narrative is popping up in a period of
time when queer people are coming under
a new wave of threats where many of us
are being attacked and forced out of
spaces we believed could be safe see we
don't really have to be worried about
bigotry knocking at our door anymore as
much as we worry about bigotry showing
up in our DMs
the internet was a revolutionary tool
for the organization of queer rights our
leaders had depended on phone calls and
then spreading information through
newsletters and bulletins in the New
Millennium online communities could grow
up at a chat rooms blogs and early
social media platforms like Myspace if
information passes easier then we can
organize easier queer communities
gravitated to digital spaces because
unlike other marginalized communities we
did not have generational districts
which we were born into a lesbian was
just as likely to be born into a family
in rural South Dakota as one in Brooklyn
whereas a homogeneously white community
in Maine was not likely to suddenly have
a large group of Lebanese children born
into the Maternity Ward ethnic
communities in cities where immigrant
families typically pooled were not only
tightly knit but were densely packed
into a few city blocks like Little Italy
or various chinatowns or black
neighborhoods word of mouth was much
more effective at passing through these
areas because most people in the
communities were in these areas while
there may be a gay district of a city
the queer population may be concentrated
here but most queer people may live
throughout the city and commute between
their residents and these Buyers Clubs
and wherever else that the community has
organized for this reason internet
organizations have been revolutionary
for the disabled the deaf and hard of
hearing or any other communities that
are mostly ignored through random
sampling which is why Elon musk's
Twitter meltdowns would be hilarious if
it wasn't for the fact that the platform
is essential for a lot of people's
advocacy organizing in the modern world
if anything else the gays are Savvy I
may have recently come under criticism
for claiming that the AIDS epidemic took
a grand majority of our brilliant
creative minds leaving out exceptions
like Andy Warhol who by some accounts
was asexual or Elton John who by all
accounts was not naturally not all
interesting gay people were horny and
not all of them her War horny were taken
from us this is based on what could have
been in the 1980s and 90s based on the
prominence of queer creators in the 70s
and 60s
and just how many queer people died of
AIDS related complications in general in
spite of that this shouldn't suggest we
lost our brilliant industrious Minds
queer newsletters and Publications took
a swift turn to online spaces as our
fights around the world began to turn to
marriage equality in Europe and America
and basic rights and protections in many
other places this information Mobility
helped spread awareness demonstrate the
power of the community and soften the
general public's opinion of us and
overall helped us organize at a much
swifter rate than otherwise it's no
surprise that as home computers became
standard in every household queer rights
started to actually make tangible
progress for the first time however
while our leaders were tech savvy our
bigoted detractors did eventually catch
up the internet made it much easier for
them to harass us it seems before they
needed to either live in LA San
Francisco New York or any of the other
significant urban areas to harass us on
mass or actually pay for postage to send
a hateful letter but it came to be that
they could just fire off some emails or
invade message boards almost every queer
person I know has gotten some kind of
hate email or DM hate mail for queer
people especially creators and people
with a platform range from structured
sermons with Biblical references to just
unhinged ranting tirades which amount to
nothing more than a collection of red
flag buzzwords accusing us of sexually
perverse actions and promising any range
of violent retributions so basically
running the gamut of Republican
politicians ask anyone with a halfway
prominent platform anonymity and privacy
are Illusions for those who know how
with a little patience dedication and
untreated mental illness it can be a
relatively simple process to find
someone's personal information or even
an address doxing is a very real threat
for people who are already the target of
discrimination coupled with the fact
that law enforcement have historically
under investigated crimes and violence
against queer victims doxing someone is
among the greatest flexes of privilege
because it acknowledges that the target
does not have a viable recourse for
violence against them and no you cannot
get doxed if you live in a historic
Scottish Manner and have already made
the purchase of said property very
public though
admittedly given that doxing can often
be a dog whistle for a death threat I
can understand the anxiety it plays off
of the classic I know where you live
Trope in horror movies where the
possible victim is reminded that they
are not safe in a place that they had
assumed they would be sure someone
throwing homophobic slurs in public is
one thing but once the slurs and threats
are coming from inside the house
things get very real very fast doxing
and threats are becoming one of the most
common ways to silence queer voices even
as our detractors claim queer people do
it to them I'm sure they do but there
are significantly less of us than there
are of them and their platforms are
traditionally much larger to the point
where all Joanne tweeting at a prominent
trans figurehead could be adjacent to
putting out a social media hit at best
we can hope the hit stays within the
twitterverse the frustrating part is
that
as these dog whistling bigots blanket us
all as barbarians for actions they too
engage in
queer people stare down lists of threats
and criticism
for simply existing
there's always been pressure for queer
people to cover in public covering as
anamari Vida kinen describes it refers
to queer people toning down their
sexuality in order to fit better or
easier into mainstream Society the
expectation that queer people cover is
acknowledged as establishing a system of
Oppression that coerces queer people to
act in specific ways with substantial
threats of punishment for not doing so
when it is expected of them no holding
hands in public for instance and
certainly no kissing in public almost
every gay teenager has the fantasy of
being just as affectionate with their
real or in most cases imaginary
boyfriend or girlfriend as their
straight friends are but there is an
immediate fear when those thoughts enter
your mind of the repercussions of doing
so there did seem to be some movement on
this front in the last couple of decades
it used to be that you had to go to the
gay hotspots of Castro Street Chelsea or
Church Street to feel comfortable and
safe expressing your queerness unless
there was a pride parade going on but
when I was in my late teens I saw shift
to where a queer person could be
comfortable being themselves
the map seemed to open up to include
most major cities and even small towns
gays were making out on every street
corner in America according to
conservatives this was never really the
case
but it's the image that was sent out by
the mainstream media that homophobia had
for the most part been dealt with
especially after gay marriage started
going mainstream if we could get married
we must have won the war but fights over
people refusing to issue marriage
licenses and refusing to bake wedding
cakes
painted a very different picture we
hadn't won the war we'd merely back the
enemy into a corner
and now they felt threatened enough to
retaliate in any way they saw fit Los
Angeles a city most would consider
pretty queer friendly saw a 21 increase
in gay hate crimes in 2021 alone marking
the highest rate of such hate crimes in
18 years gay men with a target of 85
percent of these crimes meanwhile 93
percent of anti-trans hate crimes that
were reported were violent in nature
this percentage of violence was greater
than any other stigmatized group that
was recorded by the 2021 hate crimes
Report law enforcement expect that these
figures only represent a small portion
of the actual total number of instances
that were motivated by hatred since many
would go unreported due to people not
being out of the closet feeling ashamed
or a lingering animosity toward police
from the queer community in fact hate
crimes targeting LGBT individuals have
climbed for the past four straight years
according to data published by the FBI
all of this coincided with a rise in
right-wing thinking across North America
and Europe one unnamed Republican
staffer said to the Atlantic
conservatives who came before us were
insufferably naive they thought liberals
and conservatives both want what's best
for America disagreeing only on how to
get there but that's not true woke
Elites increasingly the mainstream left
of this country do not want what we want
what they want is to destroy us the rise
in right-wing radicalism seen in the
likes of the Maga movement the
increasing hate toward trans people and
the surprising rise of actual fascists
like Francis Marie Lepa lines up
directly with the rise of lgbtq hate
crimes trans people had been the main
target of these groups with trans
bathroom access drawing the ire of
so-called feminists who thought that
dangerous men would actually put in the
effort to dress as a woman to gain
access to women's bathrooms
they don't do that this gave gay men a
sense of safety I think believing that
the target had shifted and so we gaze
could relax but the people who hate the
lgbtq community don't really give a damn
which letter you associate with since
attacks on gay men have been on the rise
recently with the growing fervor over
the groomer anti-queer propaganda
according to the center on extremism
this misleading and deceptive story has
been weaponized in order to characterize
members of the queer Community as
groomers in their effort to discredit
those who identify as queer these
anti-queer Fanatics have misused a valid
phrase that is tied to sexual assault
rain rape abuse and incest national
network the largest anti-sexual violence
organization in the United States
defines grooming as manipulative
behaviors used by sexual abusers to gain
access to a potential victim coerce them
into agreeing to be abused and reduce
the risk of being caught words like
grooming and groomer are not used in a
proper context by anti-queers people
instead they argue that talking about
sexual orientation and gender identity
in public in general makes queer
individuals pedophiles who prey on
children they say that queer people are
trying to sexualize children and recruit
them by introducing them to these
subjects at an early age in the hopes
that they would begin to question their
own gender and sexual identities the
result of this widespread hateful
rhetoric has been a spike in harassment
threats and violence especially toward
gay men and trans people across the U.S
extremists and mainstream conservatives
alike employ this rhetoric to harass the
queer Community painting us as child
predators and criminals which not only
increases the likelihood of hate crimes
being committed against us but also of
us as previously mentioned covering
the right wing knows the queer people
aren't going anywhere that we exist and
will continue to exist but they see this
as the perfect opportunity to drive us
back into our closets if they could just
make us go into hiding again so that
they don't have to see us so they don't
have to acknowledge our existence these
attacks both physical and verbal are
meant to do that they're meant to make
being queer so dangerous that no one in
their right mind would do it in public
and it's not just crazies on the
Internet or whack job Congress people
driving at this either actual members of
the United States Supreme Court have
floated the idea of repealing gay rights
laws in America Clarence Thomas in
particular has been vocal about his
intentions to roll back gay rights
bluntly stating that Lawrence V Texas
the 2003 ruling that decriminalized gay
sex in the U.S and the 2015 ruling in
oberger fell vs Hodges which said that
there is a right to same-sex marriage
should be overturned as they were quote
demonstrably erroneous decisions
foreign
Thomas's call for a re-examination of
these rulings carries no weight in law
and cannot compel his Supreme Court
colleagues to follow his lead the
implication though is that conservative
State legislatures Should draft laws
that conflict with Supreme Court
precedent in the hopes that the court
would overturn its previous decisions
which
with the Roe v Wade decision of 2022
wouldn't be out of the question so these
wars that we had ostensibly won
which had at worse developed into
cultural cold Wars
seem to be heating back up
the U.S Congress did pass the right to
Marriage Act in 2022 signed by President
Biden but it's mostly toothless it
wouldn't require states to license
same-sex marriages but it would require
states to recognize same-sex marriages
performed in other states attorney Paul
Smith said it's designed not to mandate
a given state to marry anyone they don't
want to marry instead if you found some
place to get married everyone has to
treat you as married
that's less of an intrusion on the
sovereignty of states in other words the
sovereignty of states is more important
than the Dignity of the people who live
in them so this all leads to a very
uncomfortable question
does our visibility
only make us more vulnerable
especially when the government is only
willing to pass halfway measures of
protection
I think that maybe we've given the
impression along the way that we won't
fight back against threats to us it used
to be that when the government refused
to protect us or when it was even the
government that was doing harm to us we
would mobilize and demonstrate our
community took to the streets to protest
harmful legislation or violence against
us we demonstrated the strength of our
numbers we demonstrated that our
Humanity was not rooted in our ability
to passively endure in complacent
silence the fight for our rights was
fruitless when fought from offices and
boardrooms by gay lawyers who wore suits
it wasn't until we started shouting at
the public that like anybody else we
have a point where enough is enough it's
been said that Pride was a riot
but that's only half true before it was
a parade and platform for overpriced
corporate sponsorships Pride was an
organization that stood for personal
rights in defense and education Pride
was first formed in LA in 1966 from the
very beginning they were considerably
more radical than the gay rights groups
that existed prior to them in the 1960s
and 50s before then gay rights groups
were more deferential to the ideas of
straight people as opposed to the more
conservative strategy that was followed
by Pride's predecessors the primary
objective of Pride was to engage in
political action and protests that were
as boisterous and as loud as possible in
order to confront the opposition
to stand up and make a point it was this
kind of action that would write the
how-to manual for future groups like act
up to force government action when
compared to other organizations Pride
had a greater degree of success in
rallying huge numbers of people to Stage
demonstrations against any group or
individual who denied members of the
queer Community their equal rights or
dignity but in 1968 the year before the
famous Stonewall riots Pride was
dissolved due to ever increasing
pressure from The Straits and even a
number of gays in the community to sit
down shut up and be polite this be nice
to our oppressors strategy led to
exponentially more arrests and attacks
against queer people however one night
in New York City a group of gay men
lesbians and trans women had had enough
and fought back lighting the flame of
the Stonewall riots and the modern lgbtq
Rights Movement but today
we as a community seem much more timid
much more willing to take a backhand to
the face literally or metaphorically as
long as it doesn't make us look bad
it only makes the bigots look bad right
that's why there's so few of them now
and they have like zero political power
can't get anyone elected to save their
lives and certainly don't tell bigoted
rhetoric in public and never confront
anyone over their gender identity in a
public bathroom
that's sarcasm by the way not to be
alarmist
but it does seem like these people are
only gaining political power there are
right Wingers who label themselves
activists because they've convinced
themselves that they often wait if not
wealthy are being
persecuted people like that Republican
staffer I mentioned earlier whose name
is Rachel bovard by the way claim that
this political party which is really an
ideology not an identity is under threat
of Destruction and whether or not
they're delusional enough to actually
believe it their supporters sure do they
are gaining more and more power within
the Republican party we used to think
the Tea Party caucus was crazy now
they've disbanded because they weren't
crazy enough for these new ones and
these are the people we're supposed to
negotiate with to be kind and empathetic
with to compromise with and put on our
best behavior for
because we must be polite to our
oppressors
because even as they decry us denounce
us insult us confront us question us
harm us and silence us it all becomes a
discussion of their feelings doesn't it
how dare we silence them for trying to
suppress us and oppress us
we're so afraid of these people turning
around and calling us bullies that we
become toothless
what are we gonna do start a hashtag on
Twitter March on Washington or state
capital for a weekend and then go home
we're certainly not going to fight for
our rights and Security in any way that
will remind the population at large that
bigotry is never in season we used to do
that
but we haven't in a long long time
we thought our safety was secured
the doors and windows to the house in
which our rights seemed so safe were
locked up tight
and so we could sleep soundly and move
on with our lives
but we seemingly forgot that windows
are only made of glass
through which the bigots could see us
and then smash through when they got
sick of seeing us and take away our
safety
does that mean we should draw the
curtains and hide in the closets
no hell no we used to have queer guard
dogs that would fight but most of them
died in the 80s and 90s and others were
put down because some of us thought they
were too much to handle
the neighbors might be offended by how
loudly they barked
but with the repeal of abortion rights
and voting rights in America our
neighbors houses have now been broken
into
and our Windows have been smashed
so I think it's time we get some new
guard dogs loud vicious Unstoppable
forces of protection that will scare the
[ __ ] out of these bigots and send them
running home
put a big rainbow colored sign on the
front fence beware the queers
they bite back
[Music]
[Applause]
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]